Enable scikit-fingerprints (#364)
emdgroup/baybe: docs/userguide/parameters.md

[`SearchSpace`]: baybe.searchspace.core.SearchSpace
[`Constraint`]: baybe.constraints.base.Constraint

> [`SubstanceParameter`]: baybe.parameters.categorical.SubstanceParameter

Reviewer: (related to other thread) @Hrovatin the link to the substance parameter is incorrect here, please fix (unsure if this already fixes the other issue, still invstigating)

Reviewer: Done it myself, hence resolving.

        "1-Octanol": "CCCCCCCCO",
        "Toluene": "CC1=CC=CC=C1",
    },
    encoding="MordredFingerprint",  # optional
    decorrelate=0.7,  # optional
)
```

The ``encoding`` option defines what kind of descriptors are calculated.
All descriptors are calculated using [scikit-fingerprints package](https://github.com/scikit-fingerprints/scikit-fingerprints/).

> Any fingerprint class name from `scikit-fingerprints` can be used as an input parameter for chemical encoding.

Author: added, made an alias so that MORDRED_FP can be mapped to the new name automatically

)
```

The ``encoding`` option defines what kind of descriptors are calculated.
All descriptors are calculated using [scikit-fingerprints package](https://github.com/scikit-fingerprints/scikit-fingerprints/).
Any fingerprint class from `scikit-fingerprints` can be used as an input parameter for chemical encoding.
The fingerprint class names should be passed in all upper case and without the `Fingeprint` suffix,
e.g. use alias `MORDRED` for `MordredFingerprint` class.

> 

Author: added - please check if ok

> 

Reviewer 2: ty

> These calculations will typically result in 500 to 1500 numbers per molecule.

Author: added example

> These calculations will typically result in 500 to 1500 numbers per molecule.

Reviewer 2: ty

)
```

The ``encoding`` option defines what kind of descriptors are calculated.

> All descriptors are calculated using 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All descriptors are calculated using the
```

[scikit-fingerprints package](https://github.com/scikit-fingerprints/scikit-fingerprints/).
Any fingerprint class from `scikit-fingerprints` can be used as an input parameter for chemical encoding.
The fingerprint class names should be passed in all upper case and without the `Fingeprint` suffix,
e.g. use alias `MORDRED` for `MordredFingerprint` class.
Here are examples of a few popular fingerprints:
* ``ECFP``: Extended Connectivity FingerPrint, 
which is a circular topological fingerprint similar to Morgan fingerprint.
* ``MORDRED``: Chemical descriptor based fingerprint.
* ``RDKIT``: The RDKit fingerprint, which is based on hashing of molecular sub-graphs.

You can adjust fingerprint computation with parameters for `Fingerprint` classes from `scikit-fingerprints`.

> These can be specified via the `kwargs_fingerprint` in the `SubstanceParameter` class.

Reviewer 2: would mention to conformer kwargs here as well (no example needed for those)

```python
from baybe.parameters import SubstanceParameter

SubstanceParameter(
    name="Solvent",
    data={
        "Water": "O",
        "1-Octanol": "CCCCCCCCO",
        "Toluene": "CC1=CC=CC=C1",
    },
    encoding="ECFP", 
    kwargs_fingerprint = {

>         "n_jobs" : 2,  # Parallelize fingerprint computation across input molecules

Reviewer 2: very nice addition to the UG, but I would not sue `n_jobs` as example because I think ur implementaiton only calls teh function on asingle molecule anyway + the `radius` is a muchmore commonly changed parameter, so why not use `radius` ?

Author: removed - though n_jobs may be useful to show, but indeed does not make sense here

Reviewer 2: ive added the radius

>         "fp_size" : 1024,  # Change the number of computed fingerprint features

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        "fp_size" : 1024,  # Change the number of computed bits
```

)
```

The ``encoding`` option defines what kind of descriptors are calculated using the
[scikit-fingerprints] package.

> Any of the fingerprint classes provided by the package can be used.

Reviewer: Careful: If they add more classes, are these then directly supported by us? If I understand this PR correctly, this would not be the case and would require us to update our encodings, right? So this is a statement that might become incorrect at any point in time.

Reviewer 2: this is true, would suggest to just remove the sentence

The encoding can be specified either by passing the corresponding [`SubstanceEncoding`] member

> (click to see full list of options) or its string representation, e.g. use 

Reviewer: Isn't this redundant? I guess that this will be formatted properly as a link

Reviewer 3: Yes, true. If you think it's redundant, feel free to remove. I didn't have it in my first version but that thought it might not be obvious to people that they will actually also find the explicit list of possible values there.

Reviewer 2: would prefer a reference where users can see all valid choices, this is always good

Reviewer 3: Ok, then it's already two people who think mentioning explicitly where to find the full list doesn't hurt. Let's keep it as it is then
